Troubleshoot (#17)
cortexapps/solutions: tools/troubleshoot/readme.md

## About this Tool

This folder contains scripts to help us leverage [Troubleshoot](https://troubleshoot.sh/) to collect [Support Bundles](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/support-bundle/introduction/) to help troubleshoot on-prem instances of Cortex and also run [Preflight Checks](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/preflight/introduction/) before installing our Helm Chart.

### About Troubleshoot

Troubleshoot is an open source project from Replicated. This project provides the ability to specify in a manifest (yaml file) what to [collect](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/collect/) and [analyze](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/analyze/). The results from the analyzers are displayed to the user as well as included in the resulting tar ball that contains everything that was collected.

> Worth noting that the data that is collected is immediately [redacted](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/redact/) for anything considered PII. They are configurable but not able to turn them off completely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Worth noting that the data that is collected is immediately [redacted](https://troubleshoot.sh/docs/redact/) for anything considered PII. These are configurable but not possible to turn off completely.
```

### How Are We Using It

> In order to make this as simple as possible we have create scripts that automate this entire process. To better understand the process, let's outline all the steps (please note that these have to be peformed on a machine with `kubectl` access to the cluster hosting Cortex):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make this as simple as possible we have created scripts that automate this entire process. To better understand the process, let's outline all the steps (please note that these have to be performed on a machine with `kubectl` access to the cluster hosting Cortex):
```
